README.md, before:

# Morse code
Morse code implemented in Java and Kotlin whit additional demos about the library used in the project.

## Table of Contents

- [What is Morse code](#what-is-morse-code)
- [How the project works](#how-the-project-works)
- [Used library](#used-library)
- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [Installing](#installing)
- [Versioning](#versioning)
- [Author](#author)

## What is Morse code

The Morse code translate all the 26 alphabet letters and numbers from 0 to 9 into dots and lines
are then received in the form of two different sounds: the dot's sound is shorter then the line once.

## How the project works
In this section is explained the working of <code>JMorse.java</code> class, <code>KMorse</code>
works in the same way.<br>The Morse alphabet is stored in a bi-dimensional array of **String**
where the 1st row is filled whit all the capital letters of the alphabet("A", "B", "C", ...) and
the second 2nd row is filled whit the correspondent Morse translation (".-", "-...", "-.-.", ...).
<br>So the <code>morse</code> variable is structured like the example below.

letters | Morse 
---- | ----
A | .-
B | -...
C | -.-.

So the elements will be accessed like below:<br>
<code>morse[0][0] = A</code><br><code>morse[0][1] = .-</code><br><code>morse[1][0] = B</code><br>
<code>morse[1][1] = -...</code><br><br>The user input is stored into <code>plaintext</code>, an **ArrayList** of
**String**. **ArrayList** is used instead of **String** because the <code>JMorse</code> method *getMorseFromChar(String c)*
needs to extrapolate each letter into a String and compare it with <code>morse</code>'s 1st row strings. To avoid having
to deal with upper case or lower case letters, *fillText(String c)*'s  first step is to make the user input uppercase before
saving its value in <code>plaintext</code>.<br>The method that prints the Morse code is *printMorse()*, which calls
*getMorseFromChar(String c)* foreach letter of <code>plaintext</code>. *getMorseFromChar(String c)* check if the letter
is equal to any **String** of the <code>morse</code> 1st row. In the affirmative, returns the corresponding String of the
2nd row and passes it as parameter to *getSoundFromMorse(String morseString)*. This method check if each character of the
string is a *line* or a *dot*, then play the right audio file. The audio files are in the *.wav* format, they are played
using <code>ClipAudioPlayer</code> class. It uses the <code>javax.sound.sampled.*</code> library as explained in
[Used library](#used-library) session.

## Used library

## Prerequisites
I suggest you to install [IntelliJ IDEA](https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/download/) before clone this repository.

## Installing
To install this project just type in the terminal.<br>
<code>git clone https://github.com/PitPietro/morse-code.git</code>

## Versioning
For the versions available, see the [tags on this repository](https://github.com/PitPietro/morse-code/tags). 

## Author
**Pietro Poluzzi** - *Full work* - [PitPietro](https://github.com/PitPietro)
<br>See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/PitPietro/morse-code/contributors) who participated in this project.

Commit message:

"Discussion about this project" session in README

README.md, after:

# Morse code
Morse code implemented in Java and Kotlin whit additional demos about the library used in the project.

## Table of Contents

- [What is Morse code](#what-is-morse-code)
- [How the project works](#how-the-project-works)
- [Used library](#used-library)
- [Discussion](#discussion-about-this-project)
- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [Installing](#installing)
- [Versioning](#versioning)
- [Author](#author)

## What is Morse code

The Morse code translate all the 26 alphabet letters and numbers from 0 to 9 into dots and lines
are then received in the form of two different sounds: the dot's sound is shorter then the line once.

## How the project works
In this section is explained the working of <code>JMorse.java</code> class, <code>KMorse</code>
works in the same way.<br>The Morse alphabet is stored in a bi-dimensional array of **String**
where the 1st row is filled whit all the capital letters of the alphabet("A", "B", "C", ...) and
the second 2nd row is filled whit the correspondent Morse translation (".-", "-...", "-.-.", ...).
<br>So the <code>morse</code> variable is structured like the example below.

letters | Morse 
---- | ----
A | .-
B | -...
C | -.-.

So the elements will be accessed like below:<br>
<code>morse[0][0] = A</code><br><code>morse[0][1] = .-</code><br><code>morse[1][0] = B</code><br>
<code>morse[1][1] = -...</code><br><br>The user input is stored into <code>plaintext</code>, an **ArrayList** of
**String**. **ArrayList** is used instead of **String** because the <code>JMorse</code> method *getMorseFromChar(String c)*
needs to extrapolate each letter into a String and compare it with <code>morse</code>'s 1st row strings. To avoid having
to deal with upper case or lower case letters, *fillText(String c)*'s  first step is to make the user input uppercase before
saving its value in <code>plaintext</code>.<br>The method that prints the Morse code is *printMorse()*, which calls
*getMorseFromChar(String c)* foreach letter of <code>plaintext</code>. *getMorseFromChar(String c)* check if the letter
is equal to any **String** of the <code>morse</code> 1st row. In the affirmative, returns the corresponding String of the
2nd row and passes it as parameter to *getSoundFromMorse(String morseString)*. This method check if each character of the
string is a *line* or a *dot*, then play the right audio file. The audio files are in the *.wav* format, they are played
using <code>ClipAudioPlayer</code> class. It uses the <code>javax.sound.sampled.*</code> library as explained in
[Used library](#used-library) session.

## Used library
TODO

## Discussion about this project
I shared this project in Reddit: [I just released on GitHub one of my first project ... !](https://www.reddit.com/r/java/comments/f55gj2/i_just_released_on_github_one_of_my_first_project/).<br> The comments are very interesting, you may found a lot of inspiration.

## Prerequisites
I suggest you to install [IntelliJ IDEA](https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/download/) before clone this repository.

## Installing
To install this project just type in the terminal.<br>
<code>git clone https://github.com/PitPietro/morse-code.git</code>

## Versioning
For the versions available, see the [tags on this repository](https://github.com/PitPietro/morse-code/tags). 

## Author
**Pietro Poluzzi** - *Full work* - [PitPietro](https://github.com/PitPietro)
<br>See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/PitPietro/morse-code/contributors) who participated in this project.
